#Front-End Developer Exercise

#Objective: Build a web page that will provide information about the 7 baby steps.

#Development Decisions
There are a few areas that I would like to note regarding specific decisions that may or may not be best practice but made sense in this project context:
  1. According to the instructions, this page was to be treated as though it were going to deployed into production. For this reason, jQuery (jquery.min.js) was installed directly into the javascripts directory. Usually, I would use bower to install such dependencies for future flexibility, but I needed only the jquery.min.js file and no other files that are usually are installed with the package so I included it directly. However, I did include a .bowerrc file to show my usual practice and for future flexibility since the project is to be treated as if it were going to production. To install bower dependecies run ```npm run bower install```
  2. I used gulp as a build tool for the purpose of using scss and es6. All source files are located in the ```build``` directory, and in order to use gulp for future use, there are two things i'd like to note. Firstly, if this project were going directly to production, these files would not necessarily be included on the production server. Secondly, since dev dependencies are not installed with ```npm install --production``` or when the production environment variable is set, to develop locally and make use of gulp, the team would have to be sure that dev dependencies were installed. Following this, the team could run ```npm run build``` for fresh gulp builds.
  3. In the scss, I chose to display the content wrapper div (#wrapper) as relative and then apply both a left spacing of 50% and a negative margin (equal to half the width of the header) for two reasons. Firstly, I wanted to ensure that the header would always be centered, and secondly, I wanted to be sure that all content below the header would have the same left margin as the centered header. I chose to use exact pixel dimensions instead of percentages (which is the practice I usually use) for width in order to comply with the dimensions and details specified in the mockup (for example, the header text in positioned 50 pixels from the top of the header and 70 pixels from the right). Additionally, I chose to user the header.img instead of header_text.jpg to keep content separate from style, and I chose to use "box-shadow: inset" for the left sidebar gradient effect because css linear gradients are not supported in i.e.9.
  4. I call slideRightSidebar(1); on line 7 of build/main.js to initialize scrolling transition functionality, but the page is still usable without JavaScript.
  5. Finally, I included ```<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">``` in order to force latest i.e. rendering.
